Q: why using linux? Ubuntu, Linux Mint
A:
1) High security and stability
2) Open source: reduce developing cost
3) Runs on any hardware:
   Even through JVM allow Java program to run everywhere. However, connection with Database can
   still relay on local environment. Using Linux allow developers to have the same "local" environment.
4) Efficient

1. Operation System: (kernal)
A set of programs that act as a link between the computer and the user:

1) allocate the system resources
2) coordinate all the details of the computer's internals

Users communicate with the kernel through a program(SHELL).

2. Unix systems: linux is subset of unix
Solaris Unix, AIX, HP Unix, BSD, Linux

3. Unix is
1) multiuser system: several people can use a Unix computer at the same time
2) multitasking environment: a user can also run multiple programs at the same time

4. Shell:
A Shell provides you with an interface to the Unix system.
interprets command -> calls the program that you want.
The shell uses standard syntax for all commands

In Unix, there are two major types of shells −

    Bourne shell − If you are using a Bourne-type shell, the $ character is the default prompt.

    C shell − If you are using a C-type shell, the % character is the default prompt.

The Bourne Shell has the following subcategories −

    Bourne shell (sh) --> bash（Bourne Again Shell），LinuxOS默认的，它是Bourne Shell的扩展。
        -- 与Bourne Shell完全兼容，并且在Bourne Shell的基础上增加了很多特性。
        可以提供命令补全，命令编辑和命令历史等功能。
        它还包含了很多C Shell和Korn Shell中的优点，有灵活和强大的编辑接口，同时又很友好的用户界面。
    Korn shell (ksh)
    Bourne Again shell (bash)
    POSIX shell (sh)

5. Filesystem: (treelike)
-> All the data of Unix is organized into files.
-> All files are then organized into directories.
-> These directories are further organized into a tree-like structure called the filesystem.

6. permission types:
directory (marked as ‚d‘)
read (r) , write (w), and execute (x).

References:
1.Tutorial:
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/unix/unix-getting-started.htm
2. Shell:
https://developer.aliyun.com/article/70651
